- Devlo 03
Hi,
This is the third devlog for Infhidels, my puzzle roguelite. In this devlog, I will be talking about all the new stuff I've been adding in the last couple of months, and I will even give you access to the first Alpha version of the game.

- PC Version
The first thing I've been doing is to work on the PC version of the game. I started this project as a small poop-time smartphone game, but as I got involved into it, I choose to make it something at least enough substantial in order to be played from time to time on your computer.
The touch-input system is removed on this version, replaced by a classic keybinding system, but I kept the touch-slide gameplay for people who would like to play it with a mouse. We never know ^^

- GameFeel
I added a lot of gamefeel to the game, like some effects on items and specials, or a spread effect when pieces are locked. My texts now are also better positioned and fade in a way they don't cover the gameplay too much.
My main focus was to give feedbacks without losing too much visibility.
Gameplay wise, you can now register Inputs while a piece is locking or locked, hardDropping or if lines are clearing. This queuing system is made to get the fastest gameplay possible.

- Attacks
I also added some new attacks, like the Drone attack which spawn a drone that you have to aim to counter its attacks.
The Slide attack which slides your playfield on right or left.
And the gate attack which creates a gate you should avoid for a set number of pieces.

- Content
I added some new opponents, Items and tattoos in order to have a first glance of gameplay loop for your runs.
That being said, I developed my game in a way it is easy and quick to add content like this.
Now that I have the strong bases of this project, my next updates should more consequent in terms of content for players.

- Alpha version
Finally, I've been sharing a closed alpha version to my friends. But they are not tetris players, and even if they helped me fixing some quick bugs, I think it would be greater to make actual tetris players try my game.
That being said, you will find in the description and pinned comment of this video a link to the alpha version of the game. The password is kiwi, all in lowercases.
Feel free to give me some feedbacks

Well, it covers pretty much what I have been doing recently.
See ya next time